feat(jmespath): new built-in envelopes to unwrap S3 events (#2169)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/jmespath_functions.md

| **`EVENTBRIDGE`**                 | `detail`                                                                                   |
| **`KINESIS_DATA_STREAM`**         | `Records[*].kinesis.powertools_json(powertools_base64(data))`                              |
| **`S3_EVENTBRIDGE_SQS`**          | `Records[*].powertools_json(body).detail`                                                  |
| **`S3_RAWSNS_KINESIS_FIREHOSE`**  | `records[*].powertools_json(powertools_base64(data)).Records[0]`                           |
| **`S3_RAWSNS_SQS`**               | `Records[*].powertools_json(body).Records[0]`                                              |
| **`S3_SNS_KINESIS_FIREHOSE`**     | `records[*].powertools_json(powertools_base64(data)).powertools_json(Message).Records[0]`  |
| **`S3_SNS_SQS`**                  | `Records[*].powertools_json(body).powertools_json(Message).Records[0]`                     |
| **`SNS`**                         | `Records[0].Sns.Message | powertools_json(@)`                                              |
| **`SQS`**                         | `Records[*].powertools_json(body)`                                                         |

> ???+ tip

Reviewer: Niiiice!! You can make it slightly better by:

* Adding a title so ESL readers know upfront if they should care or not e.g., "Using SNS?"
* Educate the reader that if they do need SNS event metadata they don't need to enable it

Write, review, cut the unnecessary words without losing its original intent, and ship it <3

Author: - Added the title
- I thought of the following mental model to improve this text, and see if it makes sense.
	- Benefits - Reduce payload size
	- How to do - enabling raw message
	- why? - architectures that require sending event notifications from S3 to SNS but not require SNS metadata

>     If you're using architectures that involve sending event notifications from S3 to SNS and then to SQS or Kinesis Data Firehose, consider enabling [raw message delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-large-payload-raw-message-delivery.html){target="_blank"} option in Amazon SNS. This can help reduce the payload by stripping the SNS metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you're using architectures that involve sending event notifications from S3 to SNS and then to SQS or Kinesis Data Firehose, consider enabling the [raw message delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-large-payload-raw-message-delivery.html){target="_blank"} option in Amazon SNS. This can help reduce the payload by stripping the SNS metadata.
```

>     Consider reducing the payload size by enabling the [raw message delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-large-payload-raw-message-delivery.html){target="_blank"} option in Amazon SNS if you're utilizing architectures that require sending event notifications from S3 to SNS and then to SQS or Kinesis Data Firehose, but do not require the SNS metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you don't require SNS metadata, enable [raw message delivery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-large-payload-raw-message-delivery.html){target="_blank"}. It will reduce multiple payload layers and size, when using SNS in combination with other services _(e.g., SQS, S3, etc)_.
```

I think you accidentally missed a `.` to separate sentences. I've reworded that slightly with the same intent. 

Pushing and merging :)
